docs(v2): add migration guide for v1-v2 (#389)
arcus-azure/arcus.testing: docs/preview/04-Guidance/migrate-from-v1-to-v2.md

    ```diff
    - TemporaryBlobFile.UploadIfNotExistsAsync(..., options =>
    - {
    -     options.OnSetup.UseExistingBlob();
    -     options.OnTeardown.DeleteExistingBlob();
    - });
    + TemporaryBlobContainer.CreateIfNotExistsAsync(..., options =>
    + {
    +     options.OnSetup.LeaveAllBlobs();
    +     options.OnTeardown.CleanAllBlobs();
    + })
    ```
2. When you want to 'override an existing blob + revert it afterwards' you can use `.UpsertFileAsync` on the container:
    ```diff
    - TemporaryBlobFile.UploadIfExistsAsync(..., options =>
    - {
    -     options.OnSetup.OverrideExistingBlob();
    -     options.OnTeardown.DeleteCreatedBlob();
    - });
    + await using TemporaryBlobContainer container = ...
    + await container.UpsertBlobFileAsync(...);
    ```

## 📦 Arcus.Testing.Storage.Cosmos
### `Newtonsoft.Json` ➡️ `System.Text.Json`
Starting from v2, the `Newtonsoft.Json` package is not included by default anymore, since Microsoft has removed this from its transient dependencies (See also [this GitHub issue](https://github.com/Azure/azure-cosmos-dotnet-v3/issues/4900)).

> Before v1, we also dependent on this transient package when providing NoSql item filters for setup/teardown operations. Now, in v2, the provided item is slightly different as we now built on top of the built-in `System.Text.Json` package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before v1, we depended on a transient package to provide NoSQL item filters for setup and teardown operations. In v2, the provided item differs slightly, as it now builds on top of the built-in System.Text.Json package.
```

```diff
TemporaryNoSqlContainer.CreateIfNotExistsAsync(..., options =>
{
    options.OnSetup.CleanMatchingItems((NoSqlItem item) =>
    {
-        return item["JsonProperty"].Value<string>() == "JsonValue";
+        return item.Content["JsonProperty"].GetValue<string>() == "JsonValue";
    });
});
```

### `NoSqlItemFilter` ➡️ `Func<NoSqlItem, bool>`

> Previous versions had a dedicated type called `NoSqlItemFilter` to filter out certain Azure Cosmos NoSql items subject for deletion during the setup/teardown of the container. The type has been removed in v3 in favor of a built-in delegation.

Reviewer: This is confusing. We mention the removal of a type in V3? This is a V1 to V2 migration guide.

Author: ```suggestion
Previous versions had a dedicated type called `NoSqlItemFilter` to filter out certain Azure Cosmos NoSql items subject for deletion during the setup/teardown of the container. The type has been removed in v2 in favor of a built-in delegation.
```

```diff
TemporaryNoSqlContainer.CreateIfNoExistsAsync(..., options =>
{
    options.OnSetup/Teardown.CleanMatchingItems(
-        NoSqlItemFilter.PartitionKeyEqual(new PartitionKey("test")),
+        (NoSqlItem item) => item.PartitionKey.Equals(new PartitionKey("test")));

    options.OnSetup/Teardown.CleanMatchingItems(
-        NoSqlItemFilter.Where<Shipment>(s => s.BoatName == "The Alice")
+        (Shipment s) => s.BoatName == "The Alice"
    );
});
```

## 📦 Arcus.Testing.Storage.Table
### `TableEntityFilter` ➡️ `Func<TableEntity, bool>`

> Previous versions had a dedicated type called `TableEntityFilter` to filter out certain Azure Table entities subject for deletion during the setup/teardown of the table. The type has been removed in v3 in favor of a built-in delegation.

Reviewer: This is confusing. We mention the removal of a type in V3? This is a V1 to V2 migration guide.
